I was hungry and me
and how about friends how is the action
medium code mod
reported in one more video for the channel
and so good this time I bring you
a new glitch to be immortal in
call of duty advanced warfare exo
zombies and well that English consists
in being on a platform floating in
which will be totally unreachable
for the zombies and good friends before
go into details with English I want to
ask them to stay until the end
of the video since I want to tell you some
how many little things and good with that
said then we can proceed with the
video now if the first thing we will have
what to do is have all the
floodgates that take us to the famous
clicks we will also occupy the exoskeleton
since it will be necessary and they are not going to
follow this entire route until you reach
this place the whole route that I followed from
the truck to this exact point here
friends will meet with these
stairs and that black platform that
is up here what we are going to
to do is to use our exoskeleton and
jump to the platform that
As you can see, it does not come to me the first time
the second I am already above that happiness
platform
in which I am suspended and will be
immortal before the zombies and there will be
god that is easy enough sometimes
It costs a little work, it's just
tomorrow when you grab it well you're going to
see what will come to you first as
now they will see first the first
attempt to work or simply
be about three meters back use the
exoskeleton and apply directly to the
good black platform friends now yes
As I say, we will be suspended in
the air so to speak and we will be
totally immortal for all kinds of
zombies here the men what they do is
run directly towards the wall
because they can not find another way of
of being able to kill you, not because in reality
they do not reach you and you then here without any
you can kill them by shooting them
in your head and you even save bullets and the
true muse that is very simple here
I'll put more takes included in the way
well I 'm sorry all the zombies
that is, no type of zombies should
do no harm either the zombie
normal the zombie nexus the zombie
infected up
but nobody is going to be able to do
any damage because not only
if it comes to occupy bullets you know you leave
you live you buy your bullets you
come back you go up and kill the last one and
so you survive each wave without any
problem as well go now
to be seeing the other perspective as
you would see in this case it went up
my friend destroyer if it 's up as
you can see it is floating it can not
record a lot because as they saw the
zombies are fucking me but if the
brass that is very cool the way that
you see not since the zombies can
see right now they are running like weyes
without being able to do anything or you here as
if you're not going to be able to kill anything without any
problem and good friends you could say
I discovered that clicks because
it happened to me like an accident more or less
about two days after this came out
tlc I would say about 30 something for
there I am not very sure and so good
It turns out that some men had me
surrounded in this same place and then I
they were sticking my only way then
to escape trying to escape was
using the exo then
I used jumper and as well as random and then
I fell on that platform by accident not
Well, you can imagine how it was for the
zombies already when I was up there but
well maybe some wonder
What is it that I did not upload them before?
if there are some that are a bit
Attentive to the channel, they will know that I am very
inactive I think I'm already going for two
weeks and upload a single video and then
Well, this is what should be done here
the truth is because I do not feel so
motivated with the channel as before
I did not feel the truth that I do not feel that
motivation to be uploading very videos
followed and the first reason then because
it's because, as you already know, the channel
is growing many thanks
also because we are already 20,000
Seriously friends do not know all how much
I appreciate already 20,000 but in itself although the
Subscribers are still increasing but
you'll know the videos continue with the
same reproductions same likes and
all that is not so good because I
I understand why, well, because more or
less as a final
November, December and early
I was still super in January
active in the channel will already know the ones
are after that time I was
uploading 3 videos per month 4 videos
by noon at the most and so good
so that inactivity does affect a lot
because it's good like two weeks and
upload a video and its day to one and so non
it would have been fine if he was crouching
inactivity and well that I know that
affects all channels when you
you are inactive because there are people who
through and then they forgot you do not know
I could say but good friends yes
I really want to make you want this
of youtube since it returns that good
also visits and all that not
is the only reason since there is also no
to say that I'm not super-initiated
with a new game that came out in fact
it also came out the same day as this tlc
the 27th and so is the timeline the truth that
It's a great game
the game of zombies and so I think that already
Many have to know is a great game
the truth friends so well also
I'm very initiated with this game and so
in my spare time I get better at
play that instead of making videos but
it's good and as I say, I already want
change this I want to go back to
do so much of what it was before
upload more videos for you
because if seriously, we are no longer
Any little thing we are already 20,000 me
I made friends many thanks in
seriously seriously seriously I remember
that my great wish was the thousand
subscribers and now that we are already
more than 20 thousand imagine how is it that I
I have to feel no and seriously I do not have
well another thing to say more than thank you
Not that I do not like them too
make a special 20 thousand subscribers
but since I still do not have much time
Well, I would like to make a special
of questions and answers so then
friends if you want to make me
any kind of question is worth or that
any type of front
and want to do and if it is done to me
interesting or because many people love her
or voted for that question because we're going to
use in the questions and answers
ok so do not forget to comment here in
the comments section your question
option like on my facebook page
that any question you already know and I
Well, if it's interesting, then the
I will include in the special 20,000 although
I tell them I would like to do something much
nicer much more edited but by the
then I do not have the time so
we will wait until 25,000 or
30,000 has not been more in the future as
to do something more beautiful in person
friend if you also want to see
call of duty gameplays or time light
well just also comment on it
just leave your like because then of
every day and from time to time if in fact
my good games do not create and the time
life is a serious game so
if they want to see gameplay is
just comment it and well this
basically it's all friends thank you
by the 20,000 subscribers and then
tell them to show a little more
active in the channel
and also for the special that I'm going
to do it and also if they want
see new games as I commented what
after a friend about this now yes
basically it's been all on my part I
here I say goodbye and see you until the
next